client( in most cases with apps usually the server) interacts with the application through api to cosume a service it provides(abstracts complexity).
api comm based on most commonly http req/res:
4 components of req:
url: unique location of resource on web 
method: post send data, get recv data, delete, patch
header: location language(json java etc) device  type used 
body: (optional) only exists for post method
credentials tested in either query parameters end of url or in the body
3 componenets of http response:
status codes 200 ok etc
header: content legth,type, expiration date
body: actual data being returned

webhooks(reverse apis):
used when the server needs to perform action at the end of waiting for an event
alt is polling( send api req every interval of time)

Building multi agent workflows:
Types of workflow nodes:
trigger nodes: recv email, database change , form submit , url req etc.
processing nodes: work with and on data sort, filter,summarise etc 
action nodes: have effect on external system e.g saving files,make api calls, send email etc
using any combination of any three of tese nodes you can automate any scenario.
both processing and action nodes have input/output.
AI agents require the following:
an input (trigger)
chat model(LLM model) serving as its brain.
memory can be window buffer or a large db
tools e.g excel,calculate,power point etc or have access to real time data through web searches(serpapi).
workfolws can serve as triggers for other workflows.

1. Standalone Prompt
A standalone prompt is a single-shot or few-shot instruction given to the model without memory or planning. It’s like asking a question and getting a direct answer.

✅ Characteristics:
No persistent memory or state.

Executes only the immediate task.

Does not use external tools unless embedded in the prompt.

No context beyond what you provide in the prompt.

📌 Example:
“Write a poem about the moon in the style of Shakespeare.”

The model just completes this task immediately, without planning, self-reflection, or tool use.

🔹 2. Agent-Based Prompt
An agent-based prompt is designed to initiate behavior from an AI agent, which may:

Maintain memory/state.

Use external tools (e.g., calculators, code execution, web).

Plan multi-step reasoning.

Reflect, revise, and act autonomously.

It treats the model more like a software agent with abilities and responsibilities.

Prisma:
first install using npm install prisma --save-device
npx prisma init
update db url with password and write your table name instaed of summarizer
make schema in prisma/schema.prisma
npx db push
npm install @prisma/client
npx prisma generate
import prisma client from @generate/prisma

Deploy to vercel with github connection:
